

Assessment Content

Hero section text: 

Title : INTERACTIVE CONCERT EXPERIENCES


Subtitle: Experience your favourite artists like never

before and from the comfort of your own home.


CTA: Try it now


Product Value: 


Superior sound: Experience live versions of your favourite songs. We have partnered with Apple Music to provide you with Dolby audio quality. 


Front Row Seats: Experience concerts up close and personal. Experience real close up fan interactions with your favourite artists.


Subscription Payment Model: Watch artists live from the front row without floor seat prices! Choose the best payment option for you.


No Fee Cancelation Policy: No commitment, you can cancel anytime without penalty. We can always unpause your account when you're ready.


Reviews: 


Britney Spears, artist: “Love it, Epicon is the best way to give my fans an incredible experience!” 


Scooter Braun, Talent Manager: "An amazing user experience. I recommend it to all the artists I manage."


DJ Khalid, Producer: "This is sick! I'm Obsessed. The Miami Yacht party experience Epicon helped me create is out of this world!"


Contact Info:

Email: letschat@epicon.ca

Phone: (416) 738-2475

Address: 123 Toronto Street E. Toronto ON, Canada. L5D 8G5


Pricing:

Basic Plan for $9 a month

    10 downloads per month
    Access to 50+ experiences
    Good audio quality 
    1080 video quality 


Advanced Plan for $99 per year

    20 downloads per month
    Access to 100+ experiences
    Superior Dolby audio quality 
    Ultra HD video quality

Pro Plan for $150 per year

    Unlimited downloads
    Access to all digital experiences
    Exclusive access to behind the scenes content
    Superior Dolby audio quality
    Ultra HD video quality
    Access Oculus VR experiences 



IMAGES ARE HERE: 

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1j8u4kVi0xiOyC-7Mz9ho7YwX2oY86j-o?usp=sharing


More about EPICON:

    EPICON is a completely fictional company, but here is some context that may help your direction.
    Epicon is a web based platform that gives fans access to exclusive digital experiences within the music space. Primarily live concert experiences
    They have two main target users:
    Music fans, particularly people who enjoy live music. Also music fans who care about exclusivity and wanting a unique experience.
    Artists/Bands who want to give these experiences to their fans.


